                                        PROJECT 1: INTERACTIVE MEMORY MANIPULATION
                                                  ECEN 5813, Fall 2018
                                                 Professor: Kevin Gross
                                        Authors: Puneet Bansal and Nachiket Kelkar
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                  PROJECT DESCRIPTION:                                           
                                                
•	Wrote a command line utility to perform memory manipulation functions. 

•	Provides ability to modify, examine memory and perform basic memory test functionality.

•	Developed the application on Linux platform and cross compiled it to run on FRDM- KL25Z .

•	Following are the functions that the user can perform.

      o	*allocate*        : allocate 32 bit blocks of memory 
      
      o	*freee*           : free the allocated memory block desired by the user.

      o	*disp*            : display the contents of the desired memory block.

      o	*write*           : write 32 bit word to the memory location specified by the user.

      o	*invert*          : invert the contents of the memory in the memory location given by the user.

      o	*write_pattern*   : write a random pattern to the desired number of memory blocks.

      o	*verify_pattern*  : verify the contents of memory written by write_pattern.

      o	*ext*             : exit the command line utility.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
                                                HOW TO RUN THE PROGRAM
                                                
•	*make* :executable file gets generated by the name *prog*

•	*make clean*: to clear the object files

•	*make test* : invokes the test script on the program and sends output from the program to stdout.

•	*./prog* : run the command line utility

On running the executable file, the program displays the welcome message and a prompt to type "help" to get the commands.On typing help, the user can see all the available commands along with the explaination of each command.
